
add_core = EGY
add_core = MEM
owner = EGY
controller = EGY
culture = egyptian
religion = egyptian_religion
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 9
base_manpower = 2
trade_goods = paper
capital = ""
is_city = yes
large_city_walls = yes
center_of_trade = 2
add_permanent_province_modifier = {
		name = gizeh
		duration = -1
	}

#discovered_by = roman
discovered_by = greek
discovered_by = punic
discovered_by = diadochi
discovered_by = iranian
#discovered_by = balkan
#discovered_by = celtic
#discovered_by = germanic
discovered_by = north_african
#discovered_by = scythian
#discovered_by = central_asian
#discovered_by = iberian
discovered_by = afro_arabian
#discovered_by = indian
#discovered_by = far_eastern
#discovered_by = central_asian
discovered_by = caucaso_anatolian
#discovered_by = south_east_asian
#discovered_by = britannic
#discovered_by = korean
#discovered_by = african
